We are fighting this Election on the basis of CHANGE..

LOOSE CHANGE as this is all we’ll have left under a Labour/Conservative Government

The Loony Partywill build 5 million new homes, fill up 5 million potholes, employ 80,00 teachers, policemen and NHS staff and reduce taxes to 5%……….yeah right…lol

MP’swill have to sit in stocks during their surgeries, while their constituents throw custard pies at them. This will help them judge their popularity with in the community. Companies would also be encouraged to design new versions of stocks to trade at the Stock Exchange.

Rwanda…We will send all MPs who misbehave to Rwanda.

V.A.T….Wewill get rid of VAT as it adds no value.

Fly Tipping..We will ban all tipping of flys, insects, and zips of any kind..

Immigration..We will replace employees of the Border Force with GP receptionists. This will dramatically reduce the number of people getting in.

Cost of Living…To help with the cost of Living and to raise money for the Treasury we will Convert Numbers 10 and 11 Downing Street into a Hair salon, Which we will call ‘Government CutZ’.

Levelling up….Along with the existing Government policy for levelling up the North with the South, we will provide free Spirit Levels to all.

M.O.T….The MOT is an annual test to ensure that your car is roadworthy. We will introduce a ROT, an annual test to make sure all roads are car worthy.

Elections….After the next General Election, we will introduce a ‘cooling-off period’ of about 3 years in case voters wish to change their minds.

NHS…In an effort to reduce the problems faced by the NHS , it is proposed to reduce pregnancy from nine to seven months.

NHS…We will reduce hospital waiting lists by using a smaller font.

Legal System…To make things fairer we will introduce a Court of Human Lefts.

Foreign Policy…Once in Government, we will replace the Foreign Secretary with a British one!

Stamp Duty….We will abolish stamp duty. Stamps are expensive enough as it is without having to pay any duty on them!

Migration of Nets…..We will reduce net migration by making sure that any nets are secured more firmly to the ground.

NHS…We propose to reduce the alphabet to 23 letters starting with the letters N.H.and S

Greener Cars……Once in Government we promise to have more green cars on our roads. Politicians will have fluorescent green cars so that everyone can see them coming.

Self-Serving…..Anyone using a self-service till in a supermarket will be given a 10% discount off their shopping.

Socially smart…..All Social Media sites will be taken down for one day a week for a “Remember when we used to talk” day.

Published by RU Seerius on behalf of the Official Monster Raving Loony Party59 New Barn Close, Fleet, Hants, GU51 5HU

26m tonnes of waste plastic bottles are discarded every year in theUKof which only 45% are recycled. The Loony Party has the answer.. Stop making them..

Before you ask…We have found an alternative. Its called glass.

Along with the existing Government policy for levelling up the North with the South             we will provide free Spirit Levels to all

We will reduce inflation by giving everyone free pins.

To make trains safer, we will fit them all with cushions on the front.

Any possible schemes thought up by Government, Council , NHS etc,  such as closure of Hosptitals, workplace parking levy etc will be preceded with a Public Consultation which we will then ignore.

We will combat corruption in public life by taking part in it openly, we will                              introduce the Board of Bribery who will set standardised rates?. #sleaze for the many not just the few

We propose to prevent identity theft instantly by calling everyone Chris.

All political and electoral leaflets will be printed on soft paper so that it may be recycled in the appropriate manner.

In an effort to reduce the problems faced by the NHS , it is proposed to reduce                   pregnancy from nine to seven months ?

To protect pets and people of a nervous disposition we would introduce silent fireworks.

With Government helped finance, AstraZeneca should buy out Pfizer, then, as we would have the rights to Viagra, the economy may stay up longer.

Redundant Red Phones boxes will be converted to bijou accommodation to ease the housing shortage.

To make things fairer we will introduce a Court of Human Lefts.

General Election 2022 Manicfesto  —— For the Manic, Not the Few

We pledge to fight this election on an invisible platform so that people cannot see the floors in our policies.

Once in Government, we will replace the Foreign Secretary with a British one!

Waitng Lists

We will reduce hospital waiting lists by using a smaller font.

Immigration

We will reduce net migration by making sure that any nets are secured more firmly to the ground.

Inflation

We will reduce inflation by giving everyone free pins

Government Policy

When formulating Policies the Government relies heavily on Expert Advise. Remember  – Experts built the Titanic

The Loony Party will also take into account the opinion of “Dave on Facebook”

Energy Policy

Stressful times in the HouseIn order to calm down the passions and stresses currently exhibited in Parliament, the Loony Party would make all M.P’s have half an hours compulsory Tai chi everyday.This would counteract the other 23 ½ hours Chi Ting they do for the rest of the time

Corruption

Northern Powerhouse

The Loony party will invest millions in the Northern Powerhouse.For clarification all parties agree that, as normal, the North starts at Hadrians Wall and ends where Scotland starts

Brexit

Identity Theft

We propose to prevent identity theft instantly by calling everyone Dave.

Play Grounds

We will redevelop Playgrounds for all age groups.

Civil Service

The Civil Service will be extended to all branches of government, because a little politeness goes a long way.

Culture

The British Museum should have a Daddy’s section alongside the current Mummy exhibition.??

Transport

We will only paint yellow lines where you CAN park. Potholes deeper than 3 inches will be marked with a yellow plastic duck .

Elections

All political and electoral leaflets will be printed on soft Toilet paper so that it may be recycled in the appropriate manner. ??

NHS

In an effort to reduce the problems faced by the NHS , it is proposed to reduce pregnancy from nine to seven months ?

Animal Welfare

To protect pets and people of a nervous disposition we would introduce silent fireworks.?

General Election 2019 Manicfesto  —— For the Manic, Not the Few

We pledge to fight this election on an invisible platform so that people cannot see the floors in our policies.

Stressful times in the HouseIn order to calm down the passions and stresses currently exhibited in Parliament, the Loony Party would make all M.P’s have half an hours compulsory Tai chi everyday.This would counteract the other 23 ½ hours Chi Ting they do for the rest of the time

Corruption

Northern Powerhouse

The Loony party will invest millions in the Northern Powerhouse.For clarification all parties agree that, as normal, the North starts at Hadrians Wall and ends where Scotland starts

Brexit

Identity Theft

We propose to prevent identity theft instantly by calling everyone Dave.

Play Grounds

We will redevelop Playgrounds for all age groups.

Civil Service

The Civil Service will be extended to all branches of government, because a little politeness goes a long way.

Culture

The British Museum should have a Daddy’s section alongside the current Mummy exhibition.??

Transport

Elections

All political and electoral leaflets will be printed on soft Toilet paper so that it may be recycled in the appropriate manner. ??

NHS

In an effort to reduce the problems faced by the NHS , it is proposed to reduce pregnancy from nine to seven months ?

Animal Welfare

To protect pets and people of a nervous disposition we would introduce silent fireworks.?

We encourage everyone, even current politicians, to submit ideas to our world famous #Manicfesto! The following are some of the most recent from our wonderfulTwitterfollowers…

And from 1st January 2021, passports will be issued in the colour of political voting. Tories will be Blue, Labour will be Red, Greens will be green. Official Loonies will have leopard spots, and Lib Dem’s will be invisible.Chinners

We will Admit Shamima Begum back to the country only when she accepts Screaming Lord Sutch as her saviour.

We will create a New Ministry of Information. It shall consist of the former board of directors of Cambridge Analytica. They already know everything.

We will Send Noel Edmonds to negotiate Brexit because he understands Deal or No Deal.There will be no need for a backstop to the Brexit negotiations. We’ll have Alec Stewart as wicket-keeper.James Wallace

The Loony Party proposes that all Schools would have a Jumble sale or fete or other fundraising event at least twice per month to help raise funds for those little extras. . . such as Desks, Books, paper, pens , etcR.U. Seerius

In keeping with the Labour Party’s latest bid to get one or two pensioners to vote for them they have brought out a new policy guaranteeing the Triple lock on pensions until 2025 if they get voted in.The Loony party of course will go one better and buy a padlock, and as its now safer than a bank,  new mattresses for all pensioners on less than 20p per week.R.U. Seerius

In the light of proposals at the Labour Party Conference under its new leadership with Jeremy Corbyn we have come up with 2 new proposals for Defense :

We will get rid of Trident and replace it with a new Tuning Fork.

We shall keep the Falklands and Give Jeremy Corbyn to the Argentinians.

Well once again the main parties are stealing our election proposals. Today Ed Moribund has declared that they would reduce University Tuition fees to much media acclaim.I didn’t notice the same amount of acclaim when we announced in our Manicfesto:E. Education. All University Tuition fees for women would be free as we are strong believers in Female intuition. (Due to gender equality laws we would include males as well)

We propose to cancel stamp duty…….stamps are expensive enough so we shouldn’t have to pay duty on them.

Besides leap years, there needs to be hop, skip, and jump years (thanks to Brassdancer)

Parliament will be relocated to Wormwood Scrubs, reducing the commuting costs for most Peers and MPs. (thanks to WolfBaginski)

We will reduce the national debt by selling the castles back to the French. (Buyer dismantles)

Tax payers to receive Nectar Points from HMRC

We can confirm that the Loony party was not notified of the E.U budget demand of £1.7bn before George Osborne or David Cameron.Also in the news the BBC in keeping with their policy of not important news coverage will be televising the incarceration of Oscar Pistorius 24 hours a day. Yes you can see the riveting instalments of Oscar sitting in a cell for 5 years. You can see Oscar walking around his cell and his special hour of Recreation. .Ping Pong  exclusives …..Don’t miss the Slopping Out Special Highlights.

The Loony Party being strong advocates of equal pay agree that the women workers of Asda should have equal pay with the men.We have it on good authority that George Osborne also agrees with this, and to save needless court costs, has asked for the men’s wages to be reduced accordingly.

It is proposed that all, leaflets, brochures, circulars, manifestoes, posters etc, used by any Political Party during an election, be collected up recycled and given to the local Food Banks for free distribution as toilet paper.

We propose to make unicorns a protected species?

It is proposed to introduce free travel on trams and buses for musicians as they bring joy into people’s lives…. Obviously

All Food sold in fast food establishments should be clearly marked

“May contain traces of real food”

All vegetables sold in supermarkets, should be clearly marked

“Strictly for oral use only”

We propose the removal of funding for weather prediction as they seem to get it wrong most of the time anyway. This money would then be redirected into an extensive scientific research scheme to find out what actually came first, the chicken or the egg?

thanks to Professor Michelle ‘Humpty Dumpty’ Grove

If the Government helped with finance, perhaps AstraZeneca should consider buying out Pfizer, then, as we would have the rights to Viagra, the economy may stay up longer.

Also perhaps we could then look at getting Boots the Chemist back into British ownership.

As there are now so many organisations creating league table’s to monitor performance of NHS, Schools, Police, Dustman etc, we in the Loony Party propose to create a League table to monitor compilers of League tables. Those who come at the bottom will be made to sit down and learn their tables (anyone remember them?)

Many thanks to Martin for this one:We propose to include: Shove ha’penny on ice as a Winter Olympic budget version of curling?

The options on the Referendum ballot on our membership of the EU toread–a) Inb) Outc) Shake it all about

We will instruct the RSPCA to ensure that all meerkats come in twos to enable the public to effectively compare the meerkat.

many thanks to Phil

Saving Fuel – A bungy rope should be attached to all vehicles making a journey. No fuel would be required for the return journey.

Emails would be abolished. Instead, to reduce confusion, messages from men would be hemails, and from women shemails. (the only exception being blokes from Essex who would still send ’emails ).

For the convenience of aeroplane passengers the destination and time of arrival should be displayed on a notice attached to the sticking up bits at the end of the main wing, in letters large enough to be read by passengers looking out of the window. Should this information change during the course of the journey, the pilot will need to get out to update it.

many thanks to licker de fenêtre

A new letter should be introduced into the Dictionary- the phlegm noise that is in so many names now days (eg, Achmed)The Phantom of The Opera to be unmasked to show acceptance for disability.

Many thanks to Emily (and Charlotte and Jess and Martin

Terrorists to wear Bells and Horns so we know where they are.

Hairgrips to come with tracking devices so they are not lost.

Ash clouds to be banned; they are annoying.

Pokemon to be considered an endangered species.

Put  all people committed of un-social behaviour in to Stocks, this will  create a demand for stocks, which should help to increase the stock  market.

Superglue unruly teenagers together.As the saying goes if you cant beat them you may as well join em.

We will nationalise crime to make sure it doesn’t pay

The problems of prison overcrowding and increased crime will be solved easily by issuing a compulsory contract on McDonalds to do all prison catering. Convervative estimates suggest a 50% reduction in crime rates within 2 years with 0% re-offender figures.

It is proposed that The European Union end its discrimination by creating a “Court of Human Lefts” because their present policy is one_sided.

All politicians should paint them self’s permantly head to toe in the colour of the party they represent – e.g. all Labour candidates in Red, all Conservatives in Blue, etc,etc

At 12 0′ clock pm every day we will have a one hour silence dedicated to our time that has been lost due to work, home and labour

Ban all terrorists from having beards as they look scary.

Ban tractors from driving on roads, they can drive across their fields.

Make it illegal for super heroes to use their powers for evil.

Anyone allowing their Hyena to poop on the pavement should shovel it away immediately, As this is no laughing matter

All socks to be sold in packs of 3 as a precaution against losing one.

(checkout this website to find the inventor of this product www.THROX.com)

The Government have made it quite clear that a contributory factor in the present economic downturn is bad management of Hedge funds. It is proposed that all hedge funds will be banned and replaced with a proper brick wall, with footings.

It is proposed to systematicly destroy all wire coat hangers.Shirts slip off them. People hang them on doorhandles. They bend when  you hang jeans on them. The flick off rails. They join together in  pairs. The gaggle in dodgy, tinny, wiry orgies, tingling nastily. They  have a static sneer. Have you ever actually seen anybody buy them? Who  even sells them? Do they just appear in your wardrobes? They seem to  have a near endless domestic omnipresence.Not only a waste of wire, but a waste of time. How often have you had to  rehang things on them? Or perhaps Reiron shirts after being bent  ruthlessly shapelss thereon? Then they spin of the rail and onto the  floor. You kick them and then get wrapped around your foot, or sibling.  And then if you can find a bin that will fit such a stupidly angular  object, the sadistic little sharp corner on the hook rips the bag and  there it is again, escaped. What a malicious little sod.Let’s face it; The only use for metal coat hangers is to unravel them and make them into something else.Therefore, it is proposed that all wire coathangers should be  systematically hung, drawn and unravelled, under the 1936 Public Order  Act.

To stop young people’s excessive drinking and having a good time the politicians should convert all their 30 or 40 bars at Westminster into milk bars. Their restaurants should be converted into salad bars to show solidarity with school children, how to improve their health and fitness.

To help the israel/palestine  problems, we should get rid of the old fashioned road map, and give them  a sat nav instead.

All politicians should be made to stand continually on one leg while  making speeches to check how balanced their arguments are. It should  also reduce political flatulence and soothe the listeners ears

One day each week should be devoted to continual party political  broadcasts so the rest of us can have a good time away from Big Brother,  house renovation programmes and EastEnders. Those people who are so  boring to want to watch the politicians should vote for the best  broadcast. That way the OMRLP can get top ratings.

Separate Passports for Terrorists: Terrorists should be required (by  virtue of law) to apply for separate passports in which they give there  full contact details, number of explosives, and time (as well as  location) of any plot. This would save time and money in gathering  intelligence, and could also help identify the intended ambition(s)  behind any atrocity(s).

To combat global warming and climate change all buildings should be fitted with air conditioning units on the outside.

The idea of weight monitoring chips in wheelie  bins should be scrapped, instead the wheels should be removed, this  would mean that if people generated too much waist they could not put  their non-wheelie bin out for collection.  It would also help prevent  them being chucked into canals.

If you want your kids to be less fat…feed em less (do we need to make a policy of this?….its common sense)

Due to the increasing number of children afraid of needles, I propose the destruction of the tedious, scary and often painful process of school vaccinations.Instead, I propose that highly trained nurses should be given free reign on the playground with specially modified tranquillizer rifles which apply vaccinations as well as a tranquillizer. This would have two main benefits: It would be less scary for the children as they will not know what hit them, also it will be more fun for the nurses

I propose that all politicians be made to swear a “hippocratic oath”, preventing them by law from being Hypocrites.  All politicians should be made to stand by their policies, or or at least admit that they were wrong.

I propose that, before the beginning of exams, the  exam board will select a certain obscure phrase which will be kept  secret. If any pupil inadvertently writes this phrase in any exam,he/she  will automaticaly receive straight A* grades, and a free teddy.

Abolishing the “inheritance tax” is all well and good, but what will the funds be replaced with?

It is proposed to create an “irrelevance tax”, where people of limited seriousness make up the tax shortfall.

What better way to obtain public support than to abolish inheritance tax AND pay the public’s taxation at the same time!

Make Weeding an olympic sport in order to save  the 100 year old Manor Garden Allotments from being demolished for the  2012 games.

The speaker in the house of commons will be replaced by the latest audio equipment

I would like to suggest the party adopts the Paint It Purple Policy (PIPP)

In order to solve the problem of depressed areas, unemployment and youth disaffection, Every third building in the country should be painted purple.There’ll be lots of jobs created either making purple paint, or doing the painting, these jobs can be done by young people, who’ll be too busy washing purple paint off themselves to get into trouble.Everywhere will look great.

It is proposed that the Isle of Man be renamed to “The Isle of Men, Women, Children and some Animals” as not just men live there

All newly trained Dentists will be require to have three teeth removed, 2  fillings and root canal work done without anesthetic. Then they will  know the agony they inflict on the rest of us.

Every day the news should tell people an interesting fact in a hope to increase people’s knowledge.

Jamie Oliver, Delia Smith and Ainslie Harriet should be boiled in a cauldron of scalding hot water before any public appearance.

‘Following the Leader’ is a pastime that has been cast aside by society  today and we think it should become an extreme event in the Olimpicks.  (We are keeping this one hidden from Tony Blair as he may make it law)

It is proposed that we change the English symbol of three lions to 3  badgers. How often do you see lions running round the countryside, we  should be proud of the lack of wild and interesting species on our fair  isle.

It is proposed that all pavements are heated so it is possible to walk  bare foot in the winter, this would also serve another purpose by making  the pavements warm no ice would form on them thereby reducing the risk  of injury for everyone.

Far too many speed bumps are creeping into our residential streets.It is  proposed to remove them all and replace them with eliptical, egg shaped wheels on every car. This would be like taking the bumps with you. Buses would be exempt.

‘all mixed sweets (e.g Smarties, Skittles, Fruit Pastilles etc)  must come in a clear wrapper so you know exactly which one your getting  next (also so you know when not to offer the next one!).

Yobs and delinquent youths, seem to like ASBOs they  treat them like a medal. Well an idea to fix this is call them: “Magic  Pink Fluffy Bunny awards” no one not even a yob would want to get  that.  Perhaps as an extra deterrent they have to wear pink fluffy bunny ears  and a badge saying: “I love the magic pink fluffy bunny”

Homework should be banned as it is bad enough for kids having to go to school letalone bring it home with them

The Isle of Wight should be changed to: “The Isle of Mixed Races, and Cultures Located off the Coast of Britain.”

GCSE English exams be given a more straight-forward layout, with lots ofshort questions like the Maths papers have.

It is proposed that :Pets, especially cats and dogs, may not be dressed  in miniature human clothing for the purpose of human amusement, unless  the animal in question can equip the clothing himself/herself.  Punishable by dressing the owner of the animal in miniature human  clothing.

Sell shares in Northen rock, buy shares in Blackpool rock!

